tfm: Kconfig: Enable TF-M logging by default also with minimal conf (#12707)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

* The minimal TF-M build profile no longer silences TF-M logs by default.

  .. note::

>      This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M already is in use, for example by modem trace with a UART backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M is already in use, for example by modem trace with a UART backend.
```

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

The minimal TF-M profile no longer silences TF-M logs by default.

.. note::

>    This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M is
>    already in use elsewhere, e.g. in modem trace with a UART backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M is
   already in use elsewhere, for example, in modem trace with a UART backend.
```

> The minimal TF-M profile no longer silences TF-M logs by default.
> 
> .. note::
>    This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M is
>    already in use elsewhere, e.g. in modem trace with a UART backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The minimal TF-M build profile no longer silences TF-M logs by default.

  .. note::
     This can be a breaking change if the UART instance used by TF-M already is in use, for example by modem trace with a UART backend.
```

Author: I wasn't able to apply this as it conflicted with Mel's feedback. But I recreated it to the best of my ability.
